# BRIGHT-STRIKE-WEAPON-Decomposition-of-Glucose-in-The-Brain
Throughout many instance in my career as a department of defense officer and agent of the executive branch of the United States of America, I have been attacked by devices manufactured by Bright Co. in Reno, Nevada. These devices, branded as the “bright Strike” device are designed to cause brain damage associated with memory loss caused by deterioration of neurons in areas of the brain which are active at the time of the attack.

The bright strike device delivers a high intensity burst of light frequency, targeted directly into a targeted individual’s immediate field of vision. The light received via the optic nerve and visual cortex through the targeted subject’s eyes creates an endothermic reaction in the brain. The light / Energy received by the targeted subject’s brain creates a response which rapidly decays glucose in active areas of the brain.

The rapid decomposition of glucose in active areas of the brain forms pockets of sulfuric acid which damages active neurons which are in the area of the brain. The brain is responsible for 20-30% of the glucose consumption in the human body. The acid formed by the rapid decomposition of glucose within active neuron tracks causes decay of neurons which are actively forming new memories (new dendrite formations), or those neurons which are actively accessing existing memories (existing dendrite formations). In either case the neurons and axon channels associated with the new or existing dendrite formations are destroyed by acidic pockets formed by this glucose decomposition as a direct result of bright strike device usage.
Dendrite formations at the ends of damaged axon channels are neuron cells are either damaged by the glucose decomposition reaction or left inaccessible due to damaged neuron / axon formations (cell death) from which they grow.

As the brain accesses memories via dendrites which are connected to the axon terminal connected to associate neurons, destruction of said neurons disables the brain’s ability to access associated memories. Neurons which are undamaged during bright strike attack are few in number as active neurons account for glucose accumulation and usage in the brain.
Victims of assault by bright strike device experience long-term, to permanent memory loss from dendrite loss and brain cell death of neurons active at the time of attack. Often time’s cognitive memories are not regained even with partial regeneration of associated neurons, axon channels and dendrite growth.

Acidic pockets from rapid glucose decomposition resulting from bright strike device usage result into large deposits of chemical salts in the brain. These salt formations result from use of the bright strike device and natural neutralization of acidic pH levels by the brain. Over a period of repeated usage of bright strike device, large formations of salts in the brain lead to cognitive disorder, neurological diseases and mental health disorders. Salt pockets in the brain interfere with cerebral blood flow, new brain cell growth and regeneration of existing neurons damaged by bright strike attack.

Remaining dendrite formations not damaged by glucose decay, or available through repaired neurons in the brain may provide partial visions unassociated memories in those victims of bright strike attack. Flashbacks and partial to total recall in bright strike victims can be achieved through visual recognition or replay of events associated with targeted memory loss. Cues such as visiting an area for an extended period of time in which an attack occurred, or reading documents associated with a targeted event can bridge damaged connections in the brain as the brain uses the same targeted areas within the cortex to form new memories of the new visual re-experience.

Bright strike devices are typically used by criminal organizations to evade investigation and criminal prosecution. Those investigating a criminal operation or an individual involved in criminal enterprise are not able to continue their criminal investigation immediately after bright strike attack. An individual acting as a witness or in pursuit of a criminal operation in incapable of recalling one’s mission, objectives or situational awareness upon being attacked with a bright strike device.
Bright strike users utilize strategic attacks during raids, interviews, interrogation, after being witnessed performing illegal activities or by using various cues to activate targeted thought patterns, memories and associated areas of the brain.
Cues include phrases such as: “remember the time when…” or “ do you remember…” or “Think hard about…” or “What do you think about so and so…” or “how do you feel about…” or “remember everything you can about…” or “Think about your entire experience during…” or “Tell me everything you know about…”. These phrases are used to activate targeted areas of the brain where memories are located which are to be damaged via bright strike. Glucose is delivered through cerebral blood flow to these areas of neurons, creating large accumulation of fuel for bright strike inflammation. The bright strike instantaneously decomposes these glucose accumulations, thereby destroying the associated neurons, axon channels and dendrites.

The inebriation of said areas of the brain causes extended impairment immediately after attack and will be used to evade or attack a victim of bright strike attack. Defenses to the bright strike attack thin film interference which can deflect critical amounts of light output from a bright strike device. Thin film interference can be used in goggles, glasses, visors, helmets, contact lenses, shielding, windows, etc. Maintaining a very high alkalinity in your body with a high pH level will reduce the damage from a shielded or unshielded attack by bright strike device. A “close your eyes and shoot” strategy has worked for some individuals, attacking individuals in possession of bright strike devices before or while they are used.

The Bright strike device is commonly integrated with the Orion Manufacturing Co. “Module” used to cycle through various “identities”. The “Orion Module” is a silver, pen shaped device the size of an extended tampon applicator. With a length of 6-7 inches and a width of 5/8 inch or a finger, the device is easily hidden or stored. Older devices have a red covering over the flasher making a reddish light. Newer devices are a white flash. New, smaller blue, purple, orange and other color devices are being manufactured to disguise the look of such devices.


